{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I don't think people realize how much we've learned in education.\
\
You see everywhere people wanting to go "back to basics," back to a "Thomas Jefferson education" and similar ideas where the reading of classic literature is focused on to the exclusion of much else. We want to do away completely with what we see as broken school systems.\
\
As many problems as we have in our schools, it is a correlation-causation mistake to think that our educational methods are to blame. In reality, we know more about teaching and learning now than we ever have. That's not to say we know it all - no more than to say that current medical technology is a boxful of panacaeas. But no one would say that we need to scrap all the hospitals and go back to leeches.\
\
There are lots of problems with safety on our highways. Let's get rid of modern transportation and go back to horses and buggies! Music today is terrible. Let's throw away our recording equipment! Both of these approaches seem ridiculous. So why should we think it's rational to throw out all we've learned about education in the past hundred years and go back to the way things were when rich aristocrats hired tutors to lend their sons books in Latin?}